Xiao Yan, you are not afraid that the wind will flash your tongue
Who knows that five years ago, the Dragon King went into retreat and practiced
You've been eating and drinking at my Li's house
Dare to call yourself a dragon king
What? He's fake?
Come down, boy
Don't ignore life and death
This station is designed for the Dragon King
On behalf of all the powerful people in the building
Submission to the Dragon King
How dare you impersonate the Dragon King?
Offend all the powerful
You must die tonight
Half Hall Master killed me
That's self-defeating
Repeatedly show my dragon power
Damn it's you
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is what only this Dragon King can wear, right?
Shenlong Jade Shenlong Jade
Hey, I know this.
Dragon Jade is a magic weapon worn by the Dragon King
Look at his imposing manner, he really looks like a Dragon King
My magic weapon
How dare this kid impersonate me
See how you end
Don't be fooled by him.
He is a liar
Except for walking around the streets and deceiving people, shit will not
I also want to take a piece of broken jade to cover it
You and other ordinary people naturally do not know this treasure
Today, I will call someone who knows the goods over.
If the meal is within three minutes
See me at the dragon feast in the future